Alice's Adventures in Wonderland by Lewis Carroll
Copyright Blackcat Publishing
Chapter 1 The White Rabbit
It is a sunny afternoon.
Alice and her sister are sitting by the river.
Alice's sister is reading a book with no pictures.
'I don't like books without any pictures.' Alice thinks.
She is sleepy.
Just then she sees a white rabbit.
He looks at his watch and says, 'I'm late.'
'How strange!' Alice thinks.
'A rabbit with a watch!'
She follows the rabbit across the grass and into a big hole.
She falls slowly down the hole.
Then she stops falling and stands up.
She looks around.
Alice sees the rabbit again and follows him.
He is running around a hall with a lot of doors.
Then she sees a glass table with a small key on it.
She takes the key and tries to open the doors, but she can't.
Then she sees a very small door and opens it.
There is a beautiful garden.
I want to go into that garden.
thinks Alice.
But I'm too big.
She puts the key on the glass table and sees a bottle on it.
It says, drink me on the bottle.
She takes the bottle and drinks it all.
Oh, how strange.
She says, now I'm very small and I can go into the garden.
But the door is closed and the key is on the table.
She is too small now and she can't get the key.
She is very sad and starts to cry.
Alice sees a small glass box under the table.
Inside the box there is a cake with the words, eat me on it.
I'm going to eat it, says Alice.
Perhaps I can grow and take the key from the table.
She eats the cake, but nothing happens.
Then suddenly she becomes big.
Now I can get the key.
She thinks.
She takes the key and goes to the door to the garden.
But she is too big and can't go in.
She sits down and starts to cry again.
Her tears make a big pool.
Suddenly she sees the white rabbit again.
He is wearing a lovely jacket and he has got white gloves in one hand and flowers in the
other.
Oh, the Duchess is going to be angry because I'm late.
Says the white rabbit.
Excuse me, sir.
Says Alice.
The white rabbit is afraid and runs away.
His white gloves fall to the floor.
Alice looks at her hand and she is suddenly wearing one of the white rabbit's gloves.
Oh, no.
She says, I'm becoming small again.
What's happening to me?
Alice is small again and she suddenly falls into a pool of water.
I'm in the sea.
She thinks.
But it is not the sea.
It is the pool of Alice's tears.
She sees a mouse swimming near her.
Hello, Mouse.
Says Alice.
I'm tired.
I want to get out of this pool.
The mouse does not answer.
Perhaps it doesn't understand English.
Alice thinks.
Maybe it understands French.
Ooh, a machete.
Says Alice.
This is the first sentence in her French book.
The mouse is angry and says in English, I don't like cats.
My family doesn't like cats.
I'm a mouse.
He swims away and Alice follows him.
Chapter 2.
The blue caterpillar.
Soon, there are other strange animals in the pool.
A duck, a dodo, a parrot and a baby eagle.
Alice gets out of the pool and the animals follow her.
We're all wet.
Says the dodo.
Let's run a race and get dry.
That's a good idea.
Says the parrot.
Alice and the animals run a race and they get dry.
After the race, the duck asks.
Who wins this race?
Everyone wins and everyone gets a prize.
Says the dodo.
And Alice is giving the prizes.
But I haven't got any prizes.
Alice thinks Alice does not know what to do.
She puts her hand in her pocket and finds a box of sweets.
Here are some sweets for everyone.
She says she gives one sweet to every animal.
Alice must have a prize too.
Says the mouse.
Of course.
The dodo says.
What have you got for a prize, Alice?
I've only got this box.
Says Alice and she gives him the empty sweet box.
Good.
Says the dodo.
Here's your prize, Alice.
A beautiful box.
How strange.
She thinks.
She looks at the dodo and says, thank you.
The animals go away and Alice is alone.
She hears a noise and sees the white rabbit.
The Duchess.
Says the white rabbit.
She's going to be angry.
Where are my gloves?
Alice looks around.
Suddenly everything is different and she is in the countryside.
The white rabbit sees Alice and says.
What are you doing here, Mary Ann?
Run home and bring me my white gloves.
He thinks I'm his servant.
thinks Alice.
She runs to the white rabbit's house and gets his gloves.
Then she sees a bottle on a table and thinks.
Every time I eat or drink something here, interesting things happen.
She drinks it and starts to grow.
She is now very big and puts one hand out of the window of the house.
Mary Ann, where are you?
asks the white rabbit.
Where are my gloves?
He tries to open the door of his house.
But he can't because Alice's arm is against it.
The white rabbit calls his gardener.
Pat.
Where are you?
I'm here, sir.
Says Pat.
There are other animals near the house and they want to help the white rabbit.
Come and help me.
Says the white rabbit angrily.
What's that in the window, Pat?
It's a hand.
Says Pat.
A hand?
Says the white rabbit.
What are you saying?
Listen to me.
We must burn the house.
What?
Shouts Alice.
The animals are silent for a moment.
Then they throw stones through the windows.
The stones become little cakes.
Alice eats some of them and becomes small.
She is happy and runs out of the house.
The animals try to catch her, but she runs away into the wood.
Alice sees a big mushroom in the wood.
On top of the mushroom, there is a sleepy caterpillar.
He is smoking a long pipe.
Who are you?
He asks quietly.
I... I don't know.
Says Alice.
My size changes all the time.
Now I'm very small.
I don't understand.
Says the blue caterpillar.
I can't explain.
Says Alice.
Let me give you an example.
One day, you're going to become a butterfly.
That's strange, isn't it?
No.
That's not strange at all.
Says the caterpillar.
But who are you?
I want to know who you are first.
Says Alice.
Why?
Ask the caterpillar.
Alice can't answer the question.
She is angry and walks away.
Come back.
Says the caterpillar.
I want to tell you something.
Alice goes back to the caterpillar and looks at him.
You must never be angry.
He says,
Is that all?
asks Alice angrily.
No.
Says the caterpillar.
He smokes his pipe and then gets off the mushroom.
One side of this mushroom makes you big.
And the other side makes you small.
Alice looks at the mushroom and thinks,
What side of the mushroom have I got to eat?
She takes a piece from each side and then eats the first piece.
Suddenly she grows very small.
She eats the other piece and her neck grows long.
Then she eats another piece and she becomes the right size.
She is happy.
Chapter 3.
The Cheshire Cat.
Alice walks in the woods.
She sees a nice garden and a small house.
I'm too big.
She thinks.
I can't get into that house.
I must eat a piece of mushroom and become small again.
Soon she is nine inches tall.
Suddenly a servant comes out of the wood and goes to the small house.
His face is like a fish.
Another servant opens the door and his face is like a frog.
The fish servant has got a big letter in his hand and says,
For the Duchess.
An invitation from the Queen to play croquet.
The frog servant says,
From the Queen.
An invitation for the Duchess to play croquet.
What strange servants!
Says Alice, laughing.
Alice goes to the house and says,
Can I come in?
Just open the door and go in.
Says the servant.
Then she sees the Duchess.
She is sitting on a small chair with a baby in her arms.
There is a cook in the kitchen.
She is making some soup.
There is too much pepper in the soup.
Alice thinks and she sneezes.
Achoo!
Then the Duchess sneezes.
And the baby sneezes.
Achoo!
But the cook and a big cat do not sneeze.
The cat sits near the cook and smiles.
Alice asks the Duchess.
Why does your cat smile?
Because it's a Cheshire cat.
Says the Duchess.
All Cheshire cats smile, don't you know?
No I don't.
Says Alice.
You don't know much.
Says the Duchess.
Suddenly the cook starts throwing plates, cups and pots at the Duchess and the baby.
There is a terrible noise and Alice is afraid.
Oh please be careful.
Says Alice.
The poor baby.
Don't think about the baby.
Says the Duchess.
It's mine.
She starts singing to the baby.
But suddenly she throws it to Alice.
Here.
Take the baby.
She says, I must go and play croquet with the Queen.
She runs out of the house.
The cook throws a plate at her but it does not hit her.
Alice goes outside with a baby.
It makes strange noises.
Alice looks at it carefully.
It is a baby pig.
A pig?
Says Alice, surprised.
She puts it down immediately and it runs into the wood.
Just then Alice sees the Cheshire cat in a tree.
It looks at Alice and smiles.
Hello Cheshire cat.
Says Alice.
Where can I go now?
Well, where do you want to go?
Asks the Cheshire cat.
I, I don't know.
Says Alice.
You can go that way on the right and you can visit the hatter.
Says the Cheshire cat.
Or you can go that way on the left and you can visit the March Hare.
It doesn't matter.
They're both mad.
Oh dear.
Says Alice.
I don't want to visit mad people.
Then you're in the wrong place.
Says the Cheshire cat.
We're all mad here.
You're mad too.
How do you know I'm mad?
Asks Alice.
You're here.
Says the Cheshire cat.
So of course you're mad.
Are you going to play croquet with the Queen today?
Asks the Cheshire cat.
No.
I haven't got an invitation.
Says Alice.
I'm going to be there.
Says the Cheshire cat.
And he suddenly goes away.
Then he comes back and asks.
Where's the baby?
It's not a baby.
Says Alice.
It's a pig.
Oh.
He says and goes away again.
Alice goes to the March Hare's house.
What a big house.
Alice thinks.
But I'm very small.
She eats another piece of mushroom and she becomes big.
Chapter 4.
The Tea Party.
There is a big table in front of the house.
The March Hare and the Hatter are having tea.
The doormouse is on the table between them.
When the March Hare and the Hatter see Alice, they say.
There's no room.
No room.
But there's a lot of room.
Says Alice.
And she sits in a big chair.
The Hatter looks at his watch and asks.
What day is it?
I think it's Monday.
Says Alice.
My watch says Wednesday.
Says the Hatter.
The March Hare puts his watch in his tea.
Alice is surprised.
What's he doing?
She thinks.
Then the March Hare takes it out and looks at it.
Alice looks at the March Hare's watch and says.
What a strange watch.
It shows the day of the month.
But it doesn't show the time.
Does your watch show the year?
Asks the Hatter.
Of course not.
Says Alice.
Because it's the same year for a long time.
Well, it's the same with my watch.
Says the Hatter.
It's always six o'clock here.
Have some more tea.
Says the March Hare.
Thank you.
But I haven't got any tea.
Says Alice.
How can I have more?
Oh.
Says the Hatter.
You can always have more than nothing.
Alice is confused and angry.
She gets up from the table and walks away through the trees.
The Hatter tries to put the door mouse into the teapot.
What a stupid tea party.
She thinks.
Alice is walking in the wood and sees a door in a tree.
She opens it and sees the hall with a glass table again.
This time I want to go into the garden.
She thinks.
She takes the key and opens the door.
She eats a piece of mushroom and becomes small.
Then she walks into the beautiful garden with lovely flowers and fountains.
There is a big rose tree near the door of the garden and she sees three gardeners.
But they are not men.
They are playing cards and each of them has got a head, hands and feet.
They are painting the white roses red.
Alice sees them and says, Hello.
My name is Alice.
Why are you painting the roses red?
The Queen hates white roses.
Says five.
She only likes red roses.
Says seven.
We must paint them red or she's going to cut off our heads.
Says two.
Cut off your heads.
Says Alice, surprised.
Suddenly one of the cards says, Look, it's the Queen, the Queen.
Alice turns around and sees a lot of people.
They are all playing cards, each with a head, hands and feet.
There are soldiers with clubs, servants with diamonds and spades, children with hearts and kings and queens.
A drink called tea.
What is tea?
Tea comes from the dry leaves of the Camellia Synensis plant.
This plant grows in high places with hot weather and a lot of rain.
There are three types of tea, black, green and oolong.
Where does tea come from?
Most tea comes from India, China and Sri Lanka.
But some comes from Africa, Malaysia, Indonesia, Japan and South America.
Today tea grows in about 40 countries.
Look at the map and find the countries.
Tea around the world.
The British like drinking tea.
In the afternoon they sometimes have cakes and sandwiches with it.
This is called afternoon tea and it means both the drink and the food, like in the picture on page 38.
Some big hotels have got tea rooms where people go to talk and enjoy a cup of tea.
You can also get afternoon tea in most cafes.
The Japanese have a tea ceremony called Cha Noyu.
They drink their tea in a special tea house.
Everything is important in this ceremony.
The tea, the teapot, the cups and the teaspoons.
In North Africa and the Middle East people drink strong hot tea in small glasses with sugar.
In some countries of North Africa people drink green tea and mint.
It is a good drink in hot weather.
In Turkey people drink tea in special glasses with cubes of sugar.
They drink more tea in Turkey than in any other country.
Russian people use a samovar to make tea.
A samovar has got a lot of hot water so the Russians can drink tea all day.
You can drink tea hot or cold with milk or with lemon.
A lot of doctors say tea is good for you.
Chapter 5, Croquet
The Queen stops and looks at Alice.
What's your name, child?
asks the Queen.
My name's Alice, she says.
Then she thinks, I mustn't be afraid. They're only cards.
The Queen looks at the gardeners and asks,
And who are they?
Don't ask me, says Alice.
I don't know.
The Queen is very angry with Alice and says,
Cut off her head!
The King looks at the Queen and says,
But she's only a child, dear.
The Queen is now angry with the gardeners.
Cut off their heads!
She says to the soldiers, the gardeners are afraid.
Alice, Alice!
They shout.
Please help us.
Come here fast, says Alice.
She puts them in a flower pot and no one can see them.
Are their heads off?
asks the Queen.
The soldiers can't see the cards.
Their heads are gone.
Say the soldiers.
That's good, says the Queen.
Now let's play Croquet.
Can you play Croquet, dear?
Yes, says Alice.
Come on then!
Says the Queen.
Alice walks away with the Queen, the King and the others.
Go to your places!
Shouts the Queen.
Let's start the game!
What a funny game!
Alice thinks.
The balls are hedgehogs and the mallets are flamingos.
It's going to be difficult.
During the game, the Queen is often angry and shouts,
Cut off his head!
Cut off her head!
Oh dear.
Alice thinks.
What's going to happen to my head?
Suddenly Alice sees the Cheshire Cat.
She is happy to see him.
How are you, dear?
asks the Cheshire Cat.
I don't like this game.
Says Alice.
No one knows how to play and everyone is angry.
Do you like the Queen?
asks the Cheshire Cat.
No, I don't.
Says Alice.
The King sees Alice and the Cheshire Cat.
Who are you talking to?
He asks.
It's my friend, the Cheshire Cat.
Says Alice.
I don't like it.
Says the King.
But it can kiss my hand.
No, thank you!
Says the Cheshire Cat.
The King is angry and calls the Queen.
My dear.
Take this cat away.
Of course.
Says the Queen.
Cut off its head!
Everyone looks at the Cheshire Cat.
A soldier says.
I can't cut off its head because it hasn't got a body.
It's got a head.
Says the King angrily.
Cut it off.
It's the Duchess's Cheshire Cat.
Says Alice.
Ask her.
The Duchess is in prison.
Bring her here.
Says the Queen to a soldier.
Suddenly, the Cheshire Cat goes away.
Chapter 6. The Trial.
Suddenly, someone shouts.
The trail's beginning.
A trail?
asks Alice.
Whose trail is it?
But no one answers Alice.
She is soon in the courtroom.
The King and Queen of Hearts are sitting on their thrones.
The nave of hearts is standing in front of them.
There are a lot of birds, animals and cards sitting in the courtroom.
In the middle, there is a table with a big plate of tarts on it.
The white rabbit is near the King with a long piece of paper in his hand.
He starts reading.
The Queen of Hearts, she makes some tarts all on a summer day.
But the nave of hearts, he takes the tarts away.
Cut off his head!
Shouts the Queen.
Oh no!
Says the white rabbit.
We've got to listen to some witnesses first.
Very well.
Says the King.
Call the first witness.
The first witness is the Hatter.
He has got a teacup in one hand and bread and butter in the other.
I'm sorry about this, but it's my tea time.
Says the Hatter.
Oh really?
Says the King.
Take off your hat.
It isn't mine.
Says the Hatter.
Whose hat is it then?
Asks the King angrily.
I don't know.
Says the Hatter.
I sell hats.
Tell me what you know.
Says the King.
Oh, I don't know anything.
Says the Hatter.
The Queen looks at the Hatter with her glasses.
He is afraid of her and his face is white.
He bites a piece of his teacup instead of his bread and butter.
I'm just a poor man.
Says the Hatter sadly.
Please let me go and finish my tea.
Very well.
You can go.
Says the King.
Can't off his head outside?
The Queen says to one of the soldiers.
But the Hatter runs away quickly and no one can catch him.
Suddenly Alice feels strange.
Oh no.
She thinks I'm growing again.
Call the next witness.
Shouts the King.
The next witness is the Duchess's cook.
She comes into the courtroom with a big pepper pot and everyone sneezes.
Tell me everything you know.
Says the King.
No.
Says the cook.
The King is surprised and looks at the white rabbit.
Ask the witness questions your majesty.
Says the white rabbit quietly.
Oh.
That's right.
Says the King.
What are tarts made of?
The Maid of Pepper answers the cook.
The Maid of Sugar.
Says the Sleepy Door Mouse.
What?
Says the Queen.
Send the door mouse away.
Can't off its head.
There is a lot of noise in the courtroom.
And at last the door mouse goes away.
Call the next witness.
Says the King.
The white rabbit looks at his long piece of paper and says...
Alice.
Alice is very surprised.
She is quite big now.
She stands up quickly and some of the birds and animals fall over.
Oh.
Says Alice.
I'm very sorry.
Then she goes and stands in front of the King and Queen.
What do you know about this?
Asks the King.
Nothing answers Alice.
That's very important.
Says the King.
You mean unimportant to your majesty.
Says the white rabbit.
Of course.
Says the King.
I mean unimportant.
Then he writes something in a book.
A Real Queen.
Her name is Elizabeth Alexandra Mary Windsor.
Her date of birth is the 21st of April 1926.
She becomes Queen on the 27th of May 1952.
Her title is Queen Elizabeth II.
She is Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Her husband is Philip Duke of Edinburgh.
She has got three sons, Charles, Andrew and Edward and one daughter, Anne.
She has got eight grandchildren.
She loves dogs, especially corgis.
She loves horses and she loves horse riding.
When she is in London, she lives in Buckingham Palace.
Her other homes are Windsor Castle near London and Sandringham House in the east of England.
She has got a castle in Scotland, Balmoral Castle.
She goes here for her summer holidays.
Chapter 7. Back home for tea.
Silence in the courtroom.
Shouts the King.
I have got an important rule for you.
Everyone is silent and looks at the King.
He opens a book and reads.
Rule 42.
All people, more than a mile tall, must leave the courtroom.
Everyone looks at Alice.
I'm not a mile tall.
Says Alice.
Yes you are.
Says the King.
You're more than two miles tall.
Says the Queen.
I don't want to leave the courtroom.
Says Alice.
It's not a real rule.
It's a very old rule.
Says the King.
Then why is it rule 42 and not rule one?
Ask Alice.
The King does not know what to say and closes the book quickly.
The White Rabbit jumps up and says.
Look, I've got a letter.
He puts his glasses on and looks at it.
Oh, it's not a letter.
It's a poem.
He says.
Read it from the beginning and stop at the end.
Says the King.
The White Rabbit reads the poem, but no one understands it.
This poem is nonsense.
Says Alice.
Oh, cut off the naves hit.
Says the Queen.
What nonsense?
Shouts Alice.
She is not afraid of anyone now because she is very big.
Be quiet.
Shouts the Queen.
No.
Shouts Alice.
The Queen is very angry and her face is purple.
Cut off her hand.
She shouts.
I'm not afraid of you.
Says Alice.
You're only cards.
Suddenly the cards fly up into the air and fall down on her.
Oh dear.
Says Alice.
She pushes the cards away from her face.
Alice wakes up.
These cards are leaves.
Her sister pushes them away from her face.
Wake up Alice dear.
Says her sister.
Oh.
What a strange dream.
Says Alice.
Please tell me about it.
Says her sister.
Alice tells her sister about the dream.
Her sister listens and then laughs.
Haha.
Yes.
She says.
It's a very strange dream.
But it's late now and it's time for your tea.
Alice runs home and thinks about the white rabbit, the caterpillar, the duchess, the
hatter, the Cheshire cat, the croquet game, the queen, the king and the cards.
What a wonderful dream.
She says happily.
One day I can tell my children about it.